Collecting Job Leads: Re-work the lesson to meet the current style guide (#30276)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: getting_hired/applying_and_interviewing/collect_leads.md

Put any job opening you find into your spreadsheet.

#### Here's an example of how a spreadsheet to keep track of job openings might look like

<div style="overflow-x: auto;" markdown="block">

| Job Title | Company | Website | Connections | Activity Log | Must Have 1 | Must Have 2 | Must Have 3 | Nice to Have 1 | Nice to Have 2 | Nice to Have 3 | Nice to Have 4 | Nice to Have 5 |
|-----------|---------|---------|-------------|--------------|-------------|-------------|-------------|---------------|---------------|---------------|---------------|---------------|
| Job 1     | Company A | <www.companyA.com> | John (LinkedIn) | Sent resume on 04/01/2023 | TRUE | TRUE | FALSE | 5 | 4 | 3 | 2 | 1 |
| Job 2     | Company B | <www.companyB.com> | Jane (Referral) | Followed up on 04/02/2023 | TRUE | FALSE | TRUE | 3 | 5 | 2 | 4 | 1 |
| Job 3     | Company C | <www.companyC.com> | N/A | Applied online on 04/03/2023 | FALSE | TRUE | TRUE | 4 | 2 | 5 | 1 | 3 |

> </div>

Author: I also can't resolve this suggestion directly on GitHub:
`Applying suggestions on deleted lines is currently not supported.`

> </div>

Reviewer: Yeah, there will always be edge cases where context warrants an exception, or some fix algo applies multiple things in a different order to what would actually have been needed. This case is extremely unlikely to occur anyway.

### Assignment

<div class="lesson-content__panel" markdown="1">

Try checking out some of these links for job boards.  The more technically-focused, the better:

1. [Authentic Jobs](http://www.authenticjobs.com) - a place to find developer jobs from various companies.
1. [CWJobs](http://cwjobs.co.uk) - check out this site for tech roles, especially if you’re based in the UK.
1. [White Truffle](http://www.whitetruffle.com) - weighted towards startups right now.
1. [Dice.com](http://www.dice.com) - one of the biggest tech job boards with tons of software listings.
1. [Coderwall.com](http://coderwall.com) - lets you display your engineering prowess and they can come to you.
1. [Join-Startups](https://underdog.io/) - open startup jobs in a dozen cities.
1. [Work-At-A-Startup](https://www.workatastartup.com/) - Y-Combinator Startups.
1. [Hubstaff-Talent](https://talent.hubstaff.com/) - for freelancers and remote.

> 1. [Wellfound (formerly AngelList Talent)](https://wellfound.com/jobs) - transparent startup hiring.

Reviewer: Ordered list doesn't make sense for these items as they're not really ordered. The parent sentence should be the assignment ordered list item instead.
```suggestion
1. Try checking out some of these links for job boards.  The more technically-focused, the better:
   - [Authentic Jobs](http://www.authenticjobs.com) - a place to find developer jobs from various companies.
   - [CWJobs](http://cwjobs.co.uk) - check out this site for tech roles, especially if you’re based in the UK.
   - [White Truffle](http://www.whitetruffle.com) - weighted towards startups right now.
   - [Dice.com](http://www.dice.com) - one of the biggest tech job boards with tons of software listings.
   - [Coderwall.com](http://coderwall.com) - lets you display your engineering prowess and they can come to you.
   - [Join-Startups](https://underdog.io/) - open startup jobs in a dozen cities.
   - [Work-At-A-Startup](https://www.workatastartup.com/) - Y-Combinator Startups.
   - [Hubstaff-Talent](https://talent.hubstaff.com/) - for freelancers and remote.
   - [Wellfound (formerly AngelList Talent)](https://wellfound.com/jobs) - transparent startup hiring.
```

</div>

### Knowledge check

The following questions are an opportunity to reflect on key topics in this lesson. If you can't answer a question, click on it to review the material, but keep in mind you are not expected to memorize or master this knowledge.

> - [How to organize your job search effectively?](#organizing-your-job-search)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [How can you organize your job search effectively?](#organizing-your-job-search)
```
